you're coming out with a lipstick kiss
by Peter song what's your babe what's
your best kiss ever my husband of course
what was your favorite kissing moment it
was probably on our first kind of real
date after we had met and he used to
live in London and we he picked me up in
his little convertible mg after i was
doing this event in london and we drove
and said you like ice cream you drove to
holland park and laid in the grass had
ice cream it was amazing what's your
favorite kicking memory are cooking
moment it was too busy excavate this
beside is really romantic and beautiful
so very cool memory do you remember your
favorite kids ever
my favorite kids oh um I guess when I
was seven years old and was my boyfriend
and we just eaten chocolate ice cream
and then we kissed and I remember that
well he had to be done he got chocolate
all over my mouth and i'm clicking just
by trying all over my face you remember
your favorite kiss ever yeah it was in
Germany
on the foreign exchange and I snogged
that's what we said yes that is not the
guy called him and it was fabulous or if
you're better than ever with my current
boyfriend you know pretty good kisser
perfect for me her first kiss is quite
special is very really happy um in my
stairway my favorite kiss oh my goodness
I can't say that this is a very private
moment but uh I don't know we did it
happen oh we're home in Europe yes it's
more romantic when it's like in Paris
what's your favorite game ever my
favorite whatever your favorite kids
ever my favorite kiss oh my god I think
probably the kiss when i asked my wife
to marry me and she said you're joking
right i said no i'm serious and then she
gave me a very nice kids after that
that's really really big
what was your favorite kids ever oh god
that's a really hard time here it has
that for your favorite guy giving moment
Oh stepping that my first kiss my man
demands my husband looks pretty great I
mean it was that was like the bells went
off it was definitely right but I also
love the kids with my children they're
so beautiful and they don't mind if they
get lipstick on them so that's good what
was your best kiss ever my first kiss oh
he was so cute I think I was about five
years old very cute little boy next door
never forget that one